Docs pick 6.2 (#756)
ROCm/rocSOLVER: docs/index.rst

rocSOLVER documentation
********************************************************************

rocSOLVER is an implementation of `LAPACK routines <https://www.netlib.org/lapack/explore-html/modules.html>`_ 

> on top of :doc:`AMD's open source ROCm platform <rocm:index>`. rocSOLVER is implemented in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on top of the :doc:`AMD ROCm platform <rocm:index>`. rocSOLVER is implemented in the
```

> :doc:`HIP programming language <hip:index>` and optimized for AMD's
> latest discrete GPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:doc:`HIP programming language <hip:index>` and optimized for AMD GPUs.
```
